Update on Student hub pricing information, community standard checklist and link to Windows Narrator (#1263)
microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners: README.md

#### 🧑‍🎓 _Are you a student?_ 

> Visit [**Student Hub page**](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/student-hub/?WT.mc_id=academic-77807-sagibbon) where you will find beginner resources, Student packs and even ways to get free or discounted academic prices for indistry-recognized certifications. This is the page you want to bookmark and check from time to time as we switch out content monthly.

Reviewer: What do you think?
```suggestion
Visit [**Student Hub page**](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/student-hub/?WT.mc_id=academic-77807-sagibbon) where you will find beginner resources, Student packs and various methods to obtain free or discounted academic pricing for industry-recognized certifications. This is the page you want to bookmark and check from time to time as we switch out content monthly.
```
